Hello and welcome back to the course of our program and this session we're talking about lists.
Lists are a structure in are which are very two vectors.
But at the same time they are different in the way that they can allow any type of data to be stored
in the list.
Remember how vectors can only have one single type of datastore in within themselves so the kind can
be integers or doubles or it can be logical values or can be characters and so on.
Well this are different.
They can you can store anything in any combination so you can have the vector with the least you can
have a vector you can have a matrix you can have a time frame you could have a plot in silence you could
have just a single value you could have lots of different Mace's all datatypes.
And that's why they are a very powerful tool for storing data.
And that's what we've been focusing on in this section.
So we're going to learn about this and learn how to use them how to create them how to measure them
how to get them how to rename them how to perform all sorts of different types of operations including
how to access Lith's and how to subset lists at the same time.
We will see how the practical side of it will be how lists are used for storage and so there are other
use cases of lists.
And you will find out about the second one in the section about life the functions.
But in this one we're just focusing on how to use Lisp for starters because that is kind of the simpler
application of list and it will help us get up to speed with this new concept here.
So 0.11 total that is going to be a fun and exciting section.
We're going to learn a brand new structure in our